fix: update abap cloud flows (#68)
SAP-samples/fiori-tools-samples: cap/destination/README.md

You can now use the SAP Fiori tools generator to start generating HTML5 applications that consume the OData services from your CAP project services.

> ## Want to go cross-subaccount and regions?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Want to Go Cross-Subaccount and Regions?
```
Is Go Cross-Subaccount correct? I'm not sure what it means?

> Follow this blog post, [SAP BTP: How to call protected app across regions with SAML and OAuth](https://community.sap.com/t5/technology-blogs-by-sap/sap-btp-how-to-call-protected-app-across-regions-with-saml-and-oauth-2/ba-p/13546145)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [SAP BTP: How to call protected app across regions with SAML and OAuth](https://community.sap.com/t5/technology-blogs-by-sap/sap-btp-how-to-call-protected-app-across-regions-with-saml-and-oauth-2/ba-p/13546145).
```
